oh this one comes with key generator and
the crack this version of the iso that i
downloaded also just like we've noticed
in the first trial but we're going to go
to our web through some image all right
we can open it let's modify it so let's
go ahead it here we are paid she's cute
though and we're going to go ahead and
delete her she's not very much you use
during installation and big background
black go ahead and write my name give me
a little bit of credit for this
so just hopefully don't see this and
realize that your schedule free we're
just going to go to our key generator
which is noisy and we're going to select
undergone two and here's the key as a
review from the first tutorial I do not
like case with zeros or O's in them
because I get them confused very easily
so we're just going to copy key to exit
let's go back to the image and just
paste it in there found the easiest way
to display it put the steep section this
now we won't be able to save this back
to the CD get error and you try to stay
inside replace it can't do it to read
only but so will the way to try to save
it into the folder that we made remember
this is method 1 part 2 method 1 which
is our image method that seems nice go
ahead and save it right there now we
don't need this anymore now we're going
to look around in the disks for file we
need to crap here it is speed to exe
this is the file that we need crack
solace now we know when we create the
second is oh we need to replace this
with the crack so let's go back to our
iso maker go ahead and rename it you put
it underground 2
okay we down to see you one dr appt try
HSE detail stop saying episode region
let's go ahead and copy all files from
there and drag it into the portion of
the pearl in which we just put the files
that we're going to front Twitter and
stuff so here we are now this is
basically a copy of the iso and we
downloaded online but we want to modify
it by replacing the image so we're going
to go to autorun where we find an image
delete the image that's already in there
it's gonna fit to folding or method one
where we see a bitch and we're gonna
copy this into their deck save us there
they're just submit your head and save
this is 0 & 2
still there very quickly today
now it seems to be slowing down a lot
that's all right all right and now you
can delete all the files that are in
that is oh we just created because we
don't want to create another copy of it
we cut letter we name this CD do we have
CD two mounted on dr h so let's go ahead
and explore try to copy all these files
into their speed to is the is the game
executable file that we want